Who is using wechaty subsection of the introduction section (#900)
wechaty/wechaty.js.org: docusaurus/docs/who-is-using-wechaty.md

---
title: Who is using Wechaty
---

![Wechaty: Conversational RPA SDK for Chatbot Makers](/img/wechaty-logo.svg)

## Users of Wechaty

We have a diverse community of Wechaty contributors and users. The Wechaty users in our community mainly comprise of:

- Conversational AI developers
- Machine learning researchers
- Freelancers who are building chatbots for their clients
- Companies that are building commercial services on top of conversational automation

> 

Reviewer: We have two images introducing wechaty contributors and developers at [wechaty introduction slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eRNrKnCpdnsmplTwtZzmtGZgrPoNCmOnitmHKVc6iVU/edit#slide=id.g476e76b184_1_58), do you think it is suitable adding them here?

And I think maybe we can add the following users:
- Google，Tencent , ByteDance engineers and entrepreneurs

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6419514/125327463-b6a6de00-e375-11eb-816a-df2a8893355e.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6419514/125327487-beff1900-e375-11eb-820e-f5b4e8774c0d.png)

Author: Added

## Companies using Wechaty

Some of the companies that are currently using Wechaty include:

- [Wechat](https://www.wechat.com/en/) - is China's top free messaging and calling app that serves as a mobile internet
- [BAIDU](http://www.baidu.com/) - a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services, products, and artificial intelligence
- [VIP.COM](https://www.vip.com/) and [JD.COM](https://global.jd.com/) - famous online shops in China selling lifestyle goods
- [Tencent](https://www.tencent.com/en-us/) - a Chinese multinational technology conglomerate holding company
- [Aliyun](https://eu.alibabacloud.com/en) - is China's leading cloud provider, also known as Alibaba Cloud

> - [Meituan](https://www.meituan.com/) - is a group-discount website which sells vouchers from merchants for deals and generates most of its revenue from mobile application services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Meituan](https://www.meituan.com/) - is a group-discount website that sells vouchers from merchants for deals and generates most of its revenue from mobile application services.
```

This fixes the pronoun problem.

- [L'Oréal](https://www.loreal.com/en/) - the world leader in beauty and makeup
- [Xueersi](https://www.xueersi.com/) - a Beijing-based educational training site focused on primary and middle school students
- [58Tong Cheng](https://by.58.com/) - is China's leading life service platform which provides different types of services such as recruitment, domestic, and rental services

> - [Plug And Play](https://www.plugandplaytechcenter.com/) - is the world's largest early stage investor, accelerator, and corporate innovation platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Plug And Play](https://www.plugandplaytechcenter.com/) - is the world's largest early-stage investor, accelerator, and corporate innovation platform
```

- [Y Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/) - is a venture capitalist that provides seed funding for startups

> 

Author: Added.

> If you are interested in using Wechaty, you are welcome to join our [community](#link) of users and developers. We are an inclusive and welcoming community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are interested in using Wechaty, you are welcome to join our [community](#link) of users and developers. We are an inclusive and welcoming community.

```

> If you are interested in using Wechaty, you are welcome to join our [community](#link) of users and developers. We are an inclusive and welcoming community.

Reviewer: I think we should change [community](#link) to `[community](https://gitter.im/wechaty/wechaty)`

Author: Added

> If you are still not sure whether Wechaty can solve your problem or challenge, take a look at [what you can do with Wechaty](#link) section. Wechaty is evolving very fast. New Wechaty [puppets](#link-to-puppets) and [plugins](#link-to-plugins) are being added by our dedicated community of developers. Feel free to ask. We shall be happy to help you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are still unsure whether Wechaty can solve your problem or challenge, take a look at [what you can do with Wechaty](#link) section. Wechaty is evolving very fast. Our dedicated community of developers is adding new Wechaty [puppets](#link-to-puppets) and [plugins](#link-to-plugins). Feel free to ask. We shall be happy to help you.
```

> If you are still not sure whether Wechaty can solve your problem or challenge, take a look at [what you can do with Wechaty](#link) section. Wechaty is evolving very fast. New Wechaty [puppets](#link-to-puppets) and [plugins](#link-to-plugins) are being added by our dedicated community of developers. Feel free to ask. We shall be happy to help you.

Reviewer: It seems we lack several links here, how about file a issue to track this, and added in the future?

Author: Issue #1091 is now tracking the missing the links

Author: Added. Only one missing link awaiting new sections which are yet to be merged.

- **[Tencent](https://www.tencent.com/en-us/)** - a multinational technology conglomerate holding company, which also owns the widely used Wechat app
- **[Aliyun](https://eu.alibabacloud.com/en)** - is China's leading cloud provider, also known as Alibaba Cloud
- **[Meituan](https://www.meituan.com/)** - is a group-discount website which sells vouchers from merchants for deals and generates most of its revenue from mobile application services
- **[L'Oréal](https://www.loreal.com/en/)** - is a leading personal care and cosmetics company
- **[Xueersi](https://www.xueersi.com/)** - a Beijing-based educational training site focused on primary and middle school students
- **[58 Tongcheng](https://by.58.com/)** - is China's leading life service platform which provides different types of services such as recruitment, domestic, and rental services
- **[Plug And Play](https://www.plugandplaytechcenter.com/)** - is the world's largest early-stage investor, accelerator, and corporate innovation platform
- **[Y Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/)** - is a venture capitalist that provides seed funding for startups
- **Google，Tencent, ByteDance engineers and entrepreneurs**

>   ![Wechaty users](../static/img/docs/wechaty-users.webp)

Reviewer: Here is the Wechaty user instead of companies, so I suggest putting them on the `Users of Wechaty` part.

Author: Added to Users of Wechaty section.

---
title: Who is using Wechaty
---

> ![Wechaty: Conversational RPA SDK for Chatbot Makers](/img/wechaty-logo.svg)

Reviewer: Maybe we should change a more related image here or remove it. Wechaty logo is too general for this part.

Author: Removed Wechaty logo.

  ![Wechaty users](../static/img/docs/wechaty-users.webp)

## Voice of developers

> "Wechaty is a great solution, I believe there would be much more users recognize it." [link](https://github.com/Wechaty/wechaty/pull/310#issuecomment-285574472)  
> &mdash; <cite>@Gcaufy, Tencent Engineer, Author of [WePY](https://github.com/Tencent/wepy)</cite>
>
> "太好用，好用的想哭"  
> &mdash; <cite>@xinbenlv, Google Engineer, Founder of HaoShiYou.org</cite>
>
> "最好的微信开发库" [link](http://weibo.com/3296245513/Ec4iNp9Ld?type=comment)  
> &mdash; <cite>@Jarvis, Baidu Engineer</cite>
>
> "Wechaty 让运营人员更多的时间思考如何进行活动策划、留存用户，商业变现" [link](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dWHAj8XtiKG-1fIS5Og79g)  
> &mdash; <cite>@lijiarui, Founder & CEO of Juzi.BOT.</cite>
>
> "If you know js ... try Wechaty, it's easy to use."  
> &mdash; <cite>@Urinx Uri Lee, Author of [WeixinBot(Python)](https://github.com/Urinx/WeixinBot)</cite>
>
> "Wechaty is a good project, I hope it can continue! Therefore, I became a contributors in open collective."  
> &mdash; <cite>[@Simple](https://github.com/mrwhh)</cite>

See more at [Wiki:Voice Of Developer](https://github.com/Wechaty/wechaty/wiki/Voice%20Of%20Developer)

> If you are interested in using Wechaty, you are welcome to join our [community](https://gitter.im/wechaty/wechaty) of users and [developers](https://github.com/wechaty/wechaty#yum-voice-of-developers). We are an inclusive and welcoming community.

Reviewer: Please change developer link to https://wechaty.js.org/contributors/

Author: Change link URL.
